FOR 2.4.2 RELEASE

1. Add norwegian localization!

1. Monitor the helper utility for stripped authentication!

2. Ability to save names, positions, and times of stopwatches and timers.
3. Make alarms only unmute the system volume every 30 seconds after initial unmute.

4. [checkbox] Remember music settings for new alarms
5. Look into keyboard shortcuts for new alarms, timer, stopwatch, etc...

6. User thinks they have authenticated, but file has not been set suid (on read only disc image)
7. Update Apple Remote API for newest version (Mostly for next feature)
8. Add support for putting the computer to sleep with remote control.  (As long as no alarms are active)

9. Change color of timer when it goes off. Or otherwise make extra visible when using multiple alarms.
10. Make it possible to change the color of the timer/stopwatch windows.

11. Hold down option and stop alarm: alarm is essentially stopped, but music continues to play.

For Future RELEASE

0. Beg for donations
1. Use resizeable window for alarm window.  (No close button)
2. Switch to cocoa bindings (Mostly for next feature)
3. Add sorting to iTunes table
4. Use bindings to do searching
5. Add speech recognition


GENERAL TODO:

Add support for XMLPath to be an alias
Command-W to close stopwatch and timer windows.
Auto mute audio when mouse first moves after starting alarm.
Automatically pause iTunes if it's playing AND IF it's open
Fix snooze during alarm playing bug (Instead of snoozing, just allow sleep)
  Watch out for gottchas!
  What if it receives 'canSystemSleep' during snooze, we say yes...
  then snooze finishes, alarm starts playing, and we receive 'systemWillSleep' and the alarm ends up being terminated...

Look into adding "special thanks" section
Automatically detect if digital output is being used
Prompt to save changes in edited alarm windows when quitting application


KNOWN BUGS:

I don't know how to turn on the monitor (if needed) when sounding alarm
User switches defaultOutputDevice during alarm
Fix problems with "wake from sleep" on FileVault
Does not keep computer awake if user requires password to wake computer from sleep


FUTURE ADDITIONS:

Waking up to radio streams
Remember the last alarm sound option.

Sparkle Translations:

Bulgarian [Missing]
Dutch [NT, Pending]

Version 2.4 Translations:

Bulgarian
Polish